then to the bones
[Music]
well how about girls I'm borja mound
of the big one dominates the magic I think that
can see and I want to make an effect like
others has ever happened to us
you're in a clothing store or a
shoe shop and it's just missing two or
three euros to buy the shirt that
you want it or not but when you do not have
money that happens because you do not have to
let it happen when you come back that no longer
is that it was not accurate anymore and you
That annoys a lot as far
look, I 'll show you how to open and
closing a hand can multiply
the money you want to see it look shots
given 50 cents I leave it here in the
hand blow
and when it is like that
see what happens
I'm also real constant and sound
truth check it check it checks
he touches him I salute him enjoy it while you
last the hand
and if the product you want to buy
It will cost me just that I know
ten euros if you had five sera
You are what they are with what hand they have
more skill with the left with the
right and with the right
I already have here a
this is the magic marker all I want
that you offer them with your left
perfect and I'm going to take the ticket of 5
with the if it takes I'm not going to place the
climate is worth strong and perfect earth and
I'm going to place the five-euro bill
here in your hand earth strong land
strong and now he has to give a pass
magic with the marker and say hello
hello money money money billet close
close strong and the magic word
the applause the black replies if there
but, really
and if everything goes well, if it holds
hold what
turn and open and here you have a fantastic
ten euro banknote
I'm going to give you the right
I intend to give you friction in
serious but about the intention
that is, it is not but the word exists
magic is money money money
open your hand slowly and here you have
[Music]
also a coin of 50 and he has
changed for a 5 bill and not with
enough with a 5 x 10 bill and
magician has caught us and put us in the
marten's hand five euros that of the
turn nexus
and it has appeared ten euros plus VAT you know
that if your hand will already place this 10 of
five euros to your hand closes the hand
hand in hand and concentrate on duplicating it
prepared I think you already open your hand
[Music]
all
and a ten-euro bill appears on my
great hand
I have already seen this has been all
has seen how cool it is to multiply the
money from the hand of the people true
Well, if you liked to leave a
like that big that helps me
very much subscribe to the channel and if not me
you continue on social networks you can
do on twitter in the arroba dominates the
magic or on facebook dominates the magic
official and if you want to learn these
tricks and things like that of professionals
you can do it in dominates the magic
puntocom ibarra club this site you are going to
to be able to learn from my hand and next to
Many people who are in the club are going to
to be able to learn magic from scratch
Become a magician level
professional and nothing else I hope that
you liked the real video and we
we see next week until the
next goodbye
chao chao
[Music]
man
[Applause]
[Music]